Never rollback initial ledger secrets (#3169)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

- DNS resolution of client connections is now asynchronous.

### Fixed

> - Fixed issue with new node startup which could get stuck if an election was triggered while catching up (#3169).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue with node join which could get stuck if an election was triggered while catching up (#3169).
```
